
The chore I find the most frustrating is...
My first crush was when I was...
My favorite amusement park is…
One of the best foods in the world is...
I spend my free time doing…
If I had to be locked for a week in a room that was completely dark or completely bright, I'd rather...
My favorite comedy movie is...
If I had a million dollars, I'd spend it on...
If I were invisible for a day, I'd...
A quote I like right now...
The best news I received recently was...
My first job was…
The most original pickup line I've heard recently is...
The prettiest sunset I've seen recently was in...
When I celebrate, I prefer...
The GIFs I can't stop using are...
If I could be feared by all or loved by all, I'd choose to be...
My notes at university were...
Would you rather get up early or late?
A dream trip of mine is...
If I had a musical group, it would be called…
Whenever I go into a store, the first thing I do is...
I’m really good at playing…
I always carry in my bag...
The last cassette I bought was…
If I were a piece of art, I would be...
When it comes to decoration, my style is…
Some good advice my father gave me was...
The best concert I've been to recently is...
My superhero name would be…
I'm proud of...
I deserve the award for...
The longest I can tolerate without my phone is...
When I was a child, I wanted to be…
Biker boots or cowboy boots?
My personal hero is...
When I was a kid, I used to enjoy...
Between dogs and cats, I prefer...
My favorite sport/s to watch...
A movie quote I like is...
Something I love about going shopping is...
I discovered that I’m really good at…
I would love to be able to read minds to…
A funny fact about me is…
A crazy thing I did for love was...
If I see someone I know in the street but I don’t want to say hi…
The superpower I want most is...
The biggest shopping mall that I've ever been to is...
Before going to bed, I always…
The longest I've gone without sleep is...
A Hollywood star I would love to bring back to life is...
Between being the driver and the passenger, I prefer…
The music genre I listen to the most is...
Tell a short joke...
In my fridge, there's always...
One of my favorite roller coaster rides is...
My favorite exercise is...
My desk is packed with…
My favorite Chinese food is…
How do you like your spaghetti?
If I had to keep only three pieces of my wardrobe, I’d pick…
My favorite sport is…
Something I find boring is...
If I could travel in time to any place and year, I would go to...
My most treasured memory is...
Something I didn't think existed...
A good cause I like to support is...
The first thing I notice about other people is...
I can't leave home without...
If I could be anywhere else right now, I'd be...
When I was a child, my favorite bedtime story was...
My favorite tacos are made of…
Paradise to me is...
One of the best racecar drivers is...
I learned to ride a bike when...
The first thing I read was…
Between an ice cream cone and a cup, I choose...
The sport I'd choose to be a professional athlete in...
Between sunrises and sunsets, I prefer…
A comfy posture for working is...
My supervillain name would be…
Do you consider yourself a neat person?
Stilettos or flats?
I'm a huge fan of...
I got first place in…
In junior high school, they used to call me...
Do you live where you were born?
Something that always makes me smile is...
I always sleep facing…
Sweet or salty?
My favorite actor/actress of all-time is...
The football team I'm most loyal to is...
If I were to go to the store right now to buy ice cream, the flavor I would pick is...
The best things in life are...
The most expensive item I’ve ever bought is…
Someone whose hair I wish I had...
I really need to…
Where were you when you had your first kiss?
The vegetable I hate the most is...
I would love to invent….
My biggest inspiration in life is...
What's a scent you like?
Between going out and going to the movies, I prefer...
What's a goal you have in life?
If a genie granted me 3 wishes, one of them would be...
An excuse for avoiding the gym...
One of my virtues is...
My favorite book ever is...
My favorite 80’s clothing is…
I like watching videos about...
Once I lost a bet and had to...
I passed my driving test after…
The scariest movie I've ever seen is...
If I were a bird, I would be...
In school, I was always late for...
The picture on my desk is from...
My oldest friend is…
A concert I'd love to attend...
A favorite song of mine is...
It’s not normal that…
My favorite game when I was a child was...
Whenever I go to karaoke, I sing...
One of the best skaters is...
One word that describes me is...
What can you cook without looking at a recipe?
I’m quite good at dancing...
I would like to be famous for…
A good excuse for eating ice cream is...
Between grunge and pop, I prefer…
The last time I cried laughing was...
If I could travel to the future, I…
Would you like your parents to be on social media?
The scar I have with the best story is...
If I could be a day of the week, I'd be...
I usually sleep with...
Do you text in full words or in abbreviations?
I think the best age is when you're...
I couldn’t live without this app…
Between the beach and the mountains, I'd rather spend time at...
When I cross the street I...
The film that best describes the story of my life is...
Do you believe in ghosts?
A romantic weekend would be…
A sport I love watching on TV is...
I would like to be reincarnated as…
If I could pick any gift to receive today, I'd pick...
One of the first homework assignments I failed was...
A weird place I've taken a selfie is...
If I were a dessert I would be a…
The craziest thing I've seen recently is...
I've always wanted to start a business of...
Some of my favorite moments with friends are...
My dream car is…
The TV series that I’m watching right now is…
On Fridays, I like wearing...
When I'm starving in the middle of the night I eat...
My all-time favorite appetizer or snack is...
The worst prank pulled on me was...
I would like to never have to…
If I could relive one day in my life, it would be...
If you could change jobs, what would you like to do instead?
The image that best reflects my personality is...
Something that makes me laugh is...
I take the blame when it comes to...
If I could choose between having breakfast in bed or on a patio, I pick...
If I had an exotic pet, it would be a...
The last photo I took on my phone was...
The only way I practice sports is...
The longest I've worn my contacts is...
A good excuse for avoiding homework...
For me, freedom means...
A horror movie I'd watch again is...
If I could face my fears or forget them, I'd rather...
In the shower, I like to sing...
Between the morning and the night, I prefer...
Something that motivates me is...
The best day of the year is...
An author whose work changed my life is...
Between ties and bowties, I prefer...
I think I had a supernatural experience when…
I went through a tough time when...
When I'm sick all I want is...
Do you prefer shopping or picnicking?
If I could give my mother an award it would be for...
The best sunrise or sunset photo on my phone is...
My biggest treasure is…
The least I've ever slept...
If I forget the keys inside the car, I…
My dog’s name is…
The last time I wore a suit was…
A weird job I had was...
The greatest invention in human history is...
Between texting and calling, I prefer…
One of my favorite snacks at recess was...
A great pickup line I've heard is...
I was super embarrassed when...
In my beach bag, I usually bring...
I'm terrified of...
I learned how to read when I was…
My favorite sound is...
Between the city and the country, I'll always pick...
I wish…
If I could discover a new planet or invent the cure for cancer, I'd rather...
My record for most breakups in one year is...
Between coffee and dessert, it would be harder for me to give up...
They say I look like...
A strange challenge I once faced...
What I'd say if I could speak to everyone in the world at the same time...
My lucky charm is…
My first pet's name was...
I met my significant other at…
Pizza or tacos? Why?
The best thing about the internet is...
The one food I could never give up is...
When I cannot sleep, I think about…
The longest nonstop car trip I've taken lasted...
The longest I’ve been on a plane is…
The most useless class in school...
A great honeymoon would be...
What do you consider an important invention?
You know you spend too much time on your phone when…
The class I used to fall asleep in is...
I move best in…
When my team won the Champions League, I celebrated by...
Between digital and Polaroid photos, I prefer...
My favorite dessert is…
My favorite superhero is...
My favorite Italian food is…
When I get a call from a telemarketer, I...
The subject I was bad at in high school was...
I sometimes embarrass myself when I...
The most boring lecture for me in school is...
For me, there’s no better therapy than...
One great thing about the weekend is...
My earliest memory is...
A moment I enjoy during the day is...
Sometimes I scream when...
I wish I could speak...
It’s really hard for me to say no to…
I’d like to have the voice of...
Once I saw my ex at...
I met my best friend when...
One of the best things in my life is...
My favorite place to go after work is...
Do you prefer a natural look?
Do you prefer cold or hot?
If I had to eat rice with every meal or bread with every meal, I'd pick...
When it comes to keeping a calendar, I...
My preferred sleeping position is...
I love at family dinners when...
The cartoons that I could never get tired of watching are...
For me, the perfect age to get married is…
I got overexcited when…
On my nightstand, there's always...
The social media network I use the most is…
One of the most disgusting things I've ever eaten is...
My favorite boots are...
The sport I play the most is…
Are you a goofy or regular skater?
I think a good source of therapy is...
The last time I texted an ex by mistake…
I’d love to be 15 again to be able to…
The most impressive thing I know how to do is...
One of my memorable birthday parties was...
During weekends I love to…
My favorite snack is…
My greatest accomplishment is...
A sign I was an adult was...
I always wanted to have a kid to teach him/her...
What's a popular saying that you know?
A great beauty tip I have is...
The furthest I’ve ever traveled is…
If I decide to get a tattoo, it would be…
I spend Friday afternoons...
The series I never get tired of watching is...
A job I'd be terrible at...
A big discovery I made when I was a kid was...
I'm careful about...
What do you love about your country?
When I don't know the answer, I...
I have a craving for...
The most memorable costume I've worn is...
I’m a hardcore fan of my team because…
If you knew me well, you’d gift me…
I would like to learn how to...
A food that defines me is...
I would like to have the courage to…
I never wear dress shirts except when...
My favorite routine is…
My best achievement so far is…
Between earth, fire, air and water, the element I identify most with is...
I go to the mall when I...
The best thing to release adrenaline is…
The most extravagant piece of clothing in my wardrobe right now is...
Three things I couldn't live without...
An adventurous activity I love is...
I'm most grateful for...
What's scarier, clowns or spiders?
When I cannot find my other sock...
Something that inspires me is...
I would love to live in the age of…
If I could, I would...
If I were a musical instrument, I would be…
Something I'll never do again is...
My favorite day of the week is...
Between spring, summer, winter and fall, I prefer...
When someone tells me gossip I...
Between chocolate and vanilla, I prefer...
My bedside book is…
I would love to learn to speak…
As president for a day, I would...
When I watch my team playing, I usually...
Do you prefer ordering food or cooking it at home?
It drives me crazy when...
My favorite fashion magazine is…
A film scene I love is...
If I could live the life of any animated character, I would pick...
If I could spend the day with any athlete, I would spend it with...
One of my favorite singers is...
If I could meet any figure from the past or future, I would want to meet...
If I could choose between going to the market or having my groceries brought home, I prefer…
Sometimes I get the feeling I could...
My favorite bread is…
An ideal vacation spot would be...
London is a perfect city for...
My favorite ice cream is...
If I could live on the set of any movie, it would be...
If I could pick an age to be for the rest of my life, I'd pick...
One of my favorite designers is...
If I could meet any figure from the past, present or future, I would want to meet...
I bite my nails when…
A New Year’s resolution I haven’t been able to accomplish yet is…
What I like least in a person is...
I have a fixation with...
The videos that always make me laugh are...
Something I used to think was science fiction, today...
The world would be better if they had never invented…
The best dance move of all time is...
My favorite 80’s song is…
One of my favorite beaches is...
I’m deeply embarrassed when I see pictures of me when…
Before I sleep, I like to…
When I go to a new restaurant and have no idea what to order I...
My oldest piece of clothing is…
I would like to travel to…
Between a sunset pic or a sports car pic, I prefer...
Guys or girls night out?
My favorite boy’s name is…
If I could be any celebrity for a day, I would be...
I love meeting old friends from school because…
You know you spend too much time at your office when…
When I get home, I always…
If I could travel back to the past, I…
If I could be famous for anything, it would be...
I could spend hours and hours…
When I drive, I tend to...
Junior high or high school?
My favorite sneakers right now...
A musical group I love is...
I would rather wait a little bit before…
Right now, I'd go with my best friend to…
One of my first thoughts in the morning is...
If I could only take one item with me to a deserted island aside from food and water, I'd take...
I think the best place to sit on a bus is...
I love when…
When I go on a diet, I…
When I don’t like a gift, I…
I use my computer for…
Between movies and TV, which do you prefer?
Do you prefer watching movies at home or the movie theater?
If I could choose any job imaginable, I would want to...
A guilty pleasure that I'm willing to admit to is...
What I value most in life is...
If I were a popular song, I would be…
My role model as a child was...
Between loose hair and a ponytail, I prefer...
The perfect sandwich is made of…
I like to sing when...
Do you have any weird relatives?
A favorite class of mine was...
One of my defects is...
My perfect pizza looks like...
The internet helps me to…
Something I'd never wear to my best friend's wedding...
One of the best athletes of all time is...
I'd love to be onstage with...
When the toilet is clogged, I…
I can't stand when...
One of my most beloved toys from childhood is...
The best thing that has happened to me this week…
One of my most valuable treasures is...
My name means…
Between coffee and tea, I prefer...
The video game I've played the most is...
A perfect date would be...
Which do you prefer for exercising, gym or outdoors?
Right now, I would love to be in…
Something I love about my sibling/s is...
This winter, I want to attend a course on…
Of my group of friends, I...
A food I couldn't ever bring myself to eat is...
What do you wear more, sneakers or sandals?
Do you like helping others?
My favorite age I've been so far...
The best waves are in…
If I were a horror movie, I would be…
On a first date, I cannot stand...
A trend I really love is...
I hate the smell of...
My favorite moment of the day is...
My first kiss was when I was…
My anime character would be…
My first computer was a...
I love watching videos of...
I'd love to be an expert in...
Between AC and a fan, I’d rather use…
If I went on safari, the animal I would be most excited to see is...
A quote that I turn to for inspiration is...
The video game I can play for hours is...
A food I think is gross...
An exotic country I've been to is...
If you've ever missed a flight, what was the story?
A song that defines me is...
Flowers or chocolate?
I learned how to swim when I was…
My parents never imagined that I…
Between nuts and gummies, I prefer snacking on...
One way to define love is...
I've never been bitten by more mosquitos than that time when…
If I could make one rule that everyone had to follow...
Once, someone tried to flirt with me in…
The most popular holiday in my country is…
The happiest moment of my life was...
The funniest person I know is...
If something breaks down in the house, I…
A fear of mine is...
What's a weird anime you've seen?
When I was little, they used to call me…
Which superhero do you relate to?
A pet I'd like to have is...
My first job was...
The person I'd trust with my life is...
Mondays make me feel like...
If a genie pops out of a bottle and grants me wishes, I would wish for...
Between shopping online and in store, I prefer...
I’ve never been able to correctly say the word...
I usually on put my headphones and pretend I'm listening to music when...
The eternal debate… soccer or baseball?
Between time travel and interdimensional travel, I prefer…
One of my favorite music genres is...
A good piece of advice is...
I'd be very good at working as a...
The most delicious meal I've ever had was...
An actor I would like to be is...
What do you value in a friendship?
I get super sick from...
I got into mischief when I...
A perfect Saturday night would be…
If I could choose to be able to teleport anywhere or read people's minds, I'd rather...
My favorite travel companion is...
My favorite alarm tone is…
If I could be a kid again, I would...
My recent emoji's keyboard looks like...
When I was a kid, I was afraid of...
One of the soccer greats is...
I love collecting...
When I don't know the lyrics of a song I...
A place I like to go trekking is...
One of my most original costumes was...
I don't like when...
A funny story about my grandma is...
My favorite time of day is...
My greatest passions in life are...
A recurring dream I always have is…
My comfort food is...
I like to dance to...
The pet that I always remember is…
One of my favorite bloggers is...
Social media has helped me...
My rock star name would be…
How I relax after a hard day…
The most original birthday cake I’ve ever had is…
A trend I plan on avoiding is...
I enjoy collecting...
Between sweets and savories, I'll always pick...
Something that keeps me up at night is...
If it rains, I…
Something that's better than chocolate is...
My typical excuse when I don't want to go to the gym is...
I'm so absentminded that I even set an alarm for....
When I cannot find something in my handbag…
When I get a flat tire I...
Something I found in the laundry...
I’d love to have a piercing in…
If I had five hours to kill, I would...
The latest I’ve ever been to work is…
One of my worst nightmares is...
Describe a bad text autocorrect experience you've had
If I were a model in another life, I’d be…
My favorite beverage is...
I had to lie to…
Between watching a tennis match and a basketball game on TV, I prefer...
If I had a billion dollars to spend...
When I discovered who my crush was, I…
The longest I've gone without sleeping is...
Nobody beats me playing…
The last book I read without skipping over anything was...
The funniest thing I've found in my pocket is...
The night before an exam…
The largest luggage I’ve taken for a weekend was…
My favorite activity as a kid was...
When I wake up, I can't stand...
The most important decision I’ve ever made was…
Emojis that best describe me are...
If I went back to school, I'd love to learn...
The best thing to do when the weather is bad...
I learned to read when I was...
When I have something important to share, I post it on…
If I could learn any skill, it would be...
If I could choose between sleeping in a tent or open air, I'd choose...
My hidden talent is...
A silly diet I've gone on is...
Do you know how to change a tire?
The best thing about family is...
The silliest thing I've done while sleep deprived is...
If I could be a fictional character, I'd be...
Beard or no beard?
My breakfast usually has...
If I could give my father an award it would be for...
Something that keeps me distracted on planes is...
What kind of cheese do you like?
Do you prefer online classes or going to school?
I'd want to be stuck in an elevator with...
The last time my neighbor knocked on my door was for...
My dream vacation looks like...
If I could choose to be an amazing painter or a brilliant mathematician, I'd rather be...
The farthest I've ever been from home...
The language I love the most is…
If I could visit another planet, I'd choose...
A party I had so much fun at was...
Right now I would love to hug…
The best photo of my pet is...
Once in my life, I’d like to cut my hair like…
My favorite place to be is...
An awkward moment for me was...
The hobby I most enjoy is...
The annoying thing about opening a bag of chips is...
A painter I admire is...
Today a goal of mine is to...
The vacations I remember well were at...
I once won a contest for…
My perfect day looks like...
Something funny that happened when I was looking at my phone while walking down the street...
The thing or person I miss most from my childhood is...
The worst excuse I've heard recently was...
I always get mistaken for...
If I was stranded on a deserted island and could only eat one food, it would be...
If I found myself on a desert island, I would like to be with…
When I think about holidays, the first thing that comes to mind is…
I love taking pictures of my dog when...
A song that's stuck in my head is...
I only block people on social media when…
I cannot stand when my mom...
I would love to see an international day of…
My favorite sports commentator is...
My favorite mode of transportation is...
My favorite family tradition is...
Between a friends' BBQ and a romantic date, I prefer...
The person who taught me how to ride a bike was…
The first thing I'd do after winning the lottery is...
If I were a boxer, I would be…
My trick to disguise lack of sleep is…
Which do you prefer, houses or apartments?
One goal I want to accomplish in my lifetime is...
One thing I would change about my significant other is...
If for one day I could be invisible or fly, I'd choose to...
A weird piece of advice I've received is...
The funniest link I’ve been sent this week is…
The albums that always put me in a good mood are...
I would love to go to the concert of…
A movie that's influenced my life is...
One of the weirdest style trends is...
Something I remember from my first job...
If I could bring a famous musician back to life, it would be...
Some advice I can give to job-seekers is...
Why I'd love to live in New York...
What gets me out of bed in the morning is...
I’d love to get married in…
If I could bring anyone back to life, I would bring back...
The last selfie I took was…
I like to use my tablet for...
I’m always correcting…
If you want to beat me, challenge me to...
If I could choose to control fire or water, I'd rather control...
If I could live for a week in the past or the future, I'd rather...
The season I love the most is...
My first scare was...
The day of the week I love the most is…
If I could invite anyone over for dinner, I would invite...
A flaw I have is...
The person who taught me how to drive was…
Between carrying a bag or a backpack, I usually...
The dish I enjoy most eating with my hands is...
When I see somebody famous, I…
I prefer to take holidays in…
The life advice I wish I could give my younger self is...
The first car I ever drove was…
The teddy bear I love most and that I still keep…
When I go out, I love to go to…
If I had a heavy metal band, it would be called…
Do you believe in UFOs?
A food I like on vacation is...
The toy I always wanted but never had was...
You know you spend too much time in front of the computer when…
A great gift I received...
In ten years’ time, I expect to….
What city would you like to live in?
My feelings about coconut flavor are...
My nickname in school was…
One of the greatest gymnasts is...
The last time I lost my keys was...
The person I'd love to invite to my birthday party is...
Something free that makes me happy is…
A song I love right now is...
The first thing I see when I open my eyes in the morning is...
The only times I talk to myself are when...
I wish I had hair like...
Thanks to the Internet, I was able to…
My first significant other’s name was…
If I were a DJ, my name would be…
When I see a light in the sky, I think it is…
When I was little, I used to collect...
The most random photo on my phone right now is...
How many countries have you visited?
An unexpected place I've spent the night is...
Spending time with my family is...
The subject I liked the most in high school was…
If I were a clown, my name would be…
I think vegan food is…
